Gymnosperm Fertilization
The female gametophyte contains several archegonia, where the egg cells originate and develop. The gametophyte itself is surrounded by layers of sporangia and integument; all of these elements comprise an ovule, which is found on the surface of a female cone. Fertilization occurs when pollen grains (male gametophytes) are carried by the wind to the open end of an ovule, which contains the eggs, or female gametophyte. There, the pollen grain develops an outgrowth called a pollen tube, which eventually penetrates to the egg cell within one of the archegonia. The sperm cells within the pollen tube then vie to fertilize the egg. Once fertilization has occurred, the embryo develops within the female gametophyte, and the ovule becomes the seed, complete with a food source (the gametophyte tissue) and a seed coat (the integument). This embryo, which will eventually become a new sporophyte, consists of two embryonic leaves, the epicotyl and hypocotyl.||
The hub of a center-pivot irrigation system
Irrigation is the application of controlled amounts of water to plants at needed intervals. Irrigation helps to grow agricultural crops, maintain landscapes, and revegetate disturbed soils in dry areas and during periods of less than average rainfall. Irrigation also has other uses in crop production, including frost protection,[1] suppressing weed growth in grain fields[2] and preventing soil consolidation.[3] In contrast, agriculture that relies only on direct rainfall is referred to as rain-fed or dry land farming.

Irrigation systems are also used for cooling livestock, dust suppression, disposal of sewage, and in mining. Irrigation is often studied together with drainage, which is the removal of surface and sub-surface water from a given area.


Irrigation canal in Osmaniye, Turkey

Sprinkler irrigation of blueberries in Plainville, New York, United States
Irrigation has been a central feature of agriculture for over 5,000 years and is the product of many cultures. Historically, it was the basis for economies and societies across the globe, from Asia to the Southwestern United States.||LAMBDACYHALOTHRIN 10 % WP Introduction : It is high performance synthetic pyrethroid .It is used to control Adult Mosquitoes , Cockroaches and House Flies . Mode of Action : Has strong contact and stomach action||If your plant needs moderately moist soil and the gauge reads in the drier zones, it is time to water. If you practice slow deep irrigation, water until the moisture leaches from the drainage holes. Let the top few inches of soil dry out before watering again.||Planting a Tree
Planting a tree is a lifelong investment. How well this investment grows depends on the type of tree selected and the planting location, the care provided during planting, and the follow-up care after planting. Getting your new tree off to a healthy start will help the tree mature to its full size and ensures it will provide environmental, economic, and social benefits throughout its lifetime.

Learn more about planting a new tree